---
title: v1.6 to v1.7
---

Follow the [Regular Upgrading Process](./README.md).

## Upgrading Notable Changes

### API Changes

* Introduced more printcolumn for `FederatedHPA`, including reference, minpods, maxpods and replicas.
* Introduced new API `CronFederatedHPA ` to scale the workloads in specific time.
* Introduced `Preemption` to both `PropagationPolicy` and `ClusterPropagationPolicy` to declare the behaviors of preemption.
* Introduced `ConflictResolution` to both `PropagationPolicy` and `ClusterPropagationPolicy` to declare how potential conflict should be handled.
* Introduced a new field `Zones` for `Cluster` to represent multiple zones of a member cluster, the old filed `zone` is deprecated.

### karmadactl

* Introduced `--wait-component-ready-timeout` flag to specify the component installation timeout.
* Introduced `top` command.

### karmada-controller-manager

* You are advised to enable`clusterrole-aggregation` controller to grant ClusterRole/admin with Karmada resource permission.
* Introduced a new feature-gate `--feature-gates=PropagationPolicyPreemption=true` to enable policy preemption by priority.
* Introduced `--cluster-cache-sync-timeout` flag to specify the sync timeout of the control plane cache in addition to the member cluster's cache.
* Introduced a LabelSelector field to DependentObjectReference.

### karmada-scheduler

* Introduced new scheduling condition reasons: NoClusterFit, SchedulerError, Unschedulable, Success.

### karmada-metrics-adapter

* Introduced `karmada-metrics-adapter` to addons to utilize FederatedHPA scaling workloads across multiple clusters,
  it can be installed by karmadactl and karmada-operator.

Please refer to [v1.7.0 Release Notes](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/releases/tag/v1.7.0) for more details.
