---
title: v1.12 to v1.13
---

Follow the [Regular Upgrading Process](./README.md).

## Upgrading Notable Changes

### API Changes

- Introduced `SchedulePriority` field in `PropagationPolicy` and `ClusterPropagationPolicy` API to set the priority of applications to control the order of application scheduling.
- Introduced `SchedulePriority` field in `ResourceBinding` API to support priority-based scheduling and preemption control.
- Introduced `PriorityClassName` field in `Karmada` API to specify the priority class name of that component.
- Introduced `Suspension` field in both `ResourceBinding` and `ClusterResourceBinding` API which will be used for third-party systems to suspend application scheduling.
- Introduced `SidecarContainers` field in `Karmada` API to specify sidecar containers for the Karmada API server.

### Deprecation

- Replace `grpc.DialContext` and `grpc.WithBlock` with `grpc.NewClient` since DialContext and WithBlock are deprecated while maintaining the original functionality.
- `karmadactl`: The flag `--ca-cert-path` of command `register` has been marked deprecated because it has never been used, and will be removed in the future release.

### karmada-controller-manager

- The Karmada Lua interpreter will no longer support the Lua functions `string.rep` and `string.gsub`. Typically, these functions are not
  frequently used in custom Karmada resource interpreters. They are disabled due to potential security risks. Before upgrading, please review
  your Lua scripts to verify whether these functions are being used. If they are, please replace them with alternative implementations.
