---
title: Karmadactl Commands
---


## Basic Commands

* [karmadactl get](karmadactl_get.md)	 - 

## Cluster Registration Commands

* [karmadactl addons](karmadactl_addons.md)	 - Enable or disable a Karmada addon
* [karmadactl deinit](karmadactl_deinit.md)	 - Removes Karmada from Kubernetes
* [karmadactl init](karmadactl_init.md)	 - Install Karmada in Kubernetes.
* [karmadactl join](karmadactl_join.md)	 - Join registers a cluster to control plane.
* [karmadactl register](karmadactl_register.md)	 - Register a cluster to Karmada control plane with PULL mode.
* [karmadactl token](karmadactl_token.md)	 - This command manages bootstrap tokens. It is optional and needed only for advanced use cases.

 In short, bootstrap tokens are used for establishing bidirectional trust between a client and a server. A bootstrap token can be used when a client (for example a member cluster that is about to join control plane) needs to trust the server it is talking to. Then a bootstrap token with the "signing" usage can be used. bootstrap tokens can also function as a way to allow short-lived authentication to the API Server (the token serves as a way for the API Server to trust the client), for example for doing the TLS Bootstrap.

 What is a bootstrap token more exactly? - It is a Secret in the kube-system namespace of type "bootstrap.kubernetes.io/token". - A bootstrap token must be of the form " [a-z0-9]{6}. [a-z0-9]{16}". The former part is the public token ID, while the latter is the Token Secret and it must be kept private at all circumstances! - The name of the Secret must be named "bootstrap-token-(token-id)".

 This command is same as 'kubeadm token', but it will create tokens that are used by member clusters.
* [karmadactl unjoin](karmadactl_unjoin.md)	 - Unjoin removes the registration of a cluster from control plane.

## Cluster Management Commands

* [karmadactl cordon](karmadactl_cordon.md)	 - Mark cluster as unschedulable.
* [karmadactl taint](karmadactl_taint.md)	 - Update the taints on one or more clusters.
* [karmadactl uncordon](karmadactl_uncordon.md)	 - Mark cluster as schedulable.

## Troubleshooting and Debugging Commands

* [karmadactl describe](karmadactl_describe.md)	 - 
* [karmadactl exec](karmadactl_exec.md)	 - Execute a command in a container in a cluster
* [karmadactl logs](karmadactl_logs.md)	 - 

## Advanced Commands

* [karmadactl apply](karmadactl_apply.md)	 - Apply a configuration to a resource by file name or stdin and propagate them into member clusters. The resource name must be specified. This resource will be created if it doesn't exist yet. To use 'apply', always create the resource initially with either 'apply' or 'create --save-config'.

 JSON and YAML formats are accepted.

 Alpha Disclaimer: the --prune functionality is not yet complete. Do not use unless you are aware of what the current state is. See https://issues.k8s.io/34274.

 Note: It implements the function of 'kubectl apply' by default. If you want to propagate them into member clusters, please use % [1]s apply --all-clusters'.
* [karmadactl promote](karmadactl_promote.md)	 - Promote resources from legacy clusters to karmada control plane. Requires the cluster be joined or registered.

###### Auto generated by [script in Karmada](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/tree/master/hack/tools/genkarmadactldocs).