---
title: v1.9 to v1.10
---

Follow the [Regular Upgrading Process](./README.md).

## Upgrading Notable Changes

### API Changes

* Introduce a new API named `WorkloadRebalancer` to support rescheduling.
* Introduced `ServiceAnnotations` to the `Karmada` API to provide an extra set of annotations to annotate karmada apiserver services.
* Add a short name `ric` for resourceinterpretercustomizations CRD resource.

### Deprecation

* The following labels have been deprecated from release `v1.8.0` and now have been removed:
    * `resourcebinding.karmada.io/uid`
    * `clusterresourcebinding.karmada.io/uid`
    * `work.karmada.io/uid`
    * `propagationpolicy.karmada.io/uid`
    * `clusterpropagationpolicy.karmada.io/uid`
* The following labels now have been deprecated and removed:
    * `resourcebinding.karmada.io/key` replaced by `resourcebinding.karmada.io/permanent-id`
    * `clusterresourcebinding.karmada.io/key` replaced by `clusterresourcebinding.karmada.io/permanent-id`
    * `work.karmada.io/namespace` replaced by `work.karmada.io/permanent-id`
    * `work.karmada.io/name` replaced by `work.karmada.io/permanent-id`
* `karmadactl`: The flag `--cluster-zone`, which was deprecated in release 1.7 and replaced by `--cluster-zones`, now has been removed.

### karmada-search

* The feature APIPriorityAndFairness now has moved to GA, thus not allowed to be disabled by feature gates. You have to remove it from the `--feature-gates` flag.

### karmada-aggregated-apiserver

* The feature APIPriorityAndFairness now has moved to GA, thus not allowed to be disabled by feature gates. You have to remove it from the `--feature-gates` flag.

Please refer to [v1.10.0 Release Notes](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/releases/tag/v1.10.0) for more details.
